Enhanced footer (#525)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/conceptual-guides/distributions-customization.md

Reviewer: Add toctree entry to `/index.md` for this file.

Author: Done

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "Customization behavior for kitconcept distributions in Volto Light Theme"
    "property=og:description": "Customization behavior for kitconcept distributions in Volto Light Theme"
    "property=og:title": "Customization behavior for kitconcept distributions in Volto Light Theme"
    "keywords": "Plone, customization, behavior, distributions, Volto Light Theme"
---

(site-customization)=

# kitconcept's distributions site customization

VLT supports site customization via the add-on `kitconcept.voltolighttheme`.
This add-on has behaviors that can be applied to any content type.
These behaviors provide fields that allow you to customize the properties and the look and feel of the site.

In Volto, content types also work as a directory in a file system tree where they can contain additional content types.
In VLT, through the use of the `@inherit` endpoint, children inherit the behaviors from `kitconcept.voltolighttheme` from the closest ancestor.

> In the module `distributions.py` you can find the behaviors that are used to customize the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the module {file}`distributions.py`, you can find the behaviors that are used to customize the site.
```

> They are used by kitconcept's distributions to add further customizations and features to kitconcept's distributions sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are used to customize sites created from kitconcept's distributions.
```

You can use them to customize your site as well if they fit your needs.

The behaviors are named:

> -   `kitconcept.distributions.footer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `kitconcept.distributions.footer`
-   `kitconcept.distributions.TBD`
```

Author: @stevepiercy I removed the list until we have more than one behavior (it will happen soon enough: https://github.com/kitconcept/volto-light-theme/pull/523).

## `kitconcept.distributions.footer` behavior

> It adds further customizations the footer of the site, adding a core central footer with four columns.

Reviewer: This structure is too much for a single behavior. Do you plan to add and define more behaviors?

Author: Yes, still to be seen.

Author: Also, the final location of this behavior might change... I was hesitating if documenting or not, until it does not have a definitive location...

Reviewer: For now, let's make it grammatically correct, then edit it again when it is plural.
